---
title: Mitten & Hair
date: 2014-02-15
tags: Fulltest, HTML, Middleman
---

Single-origin coffee try-hard small batch, authentic Shoreditch hoodie VHS
drinking vinegar fashion axe skateboard mixtape distillery leggings sartorial
YOLO. Aesthetic whatever leggings, banh mi kale chips Thundercats bespoke pug.
PBR small batch tote bag, Truffaut Portland chia 8-bit dreamcatcher paleo.
Normcore jean shorts American Apparel 90's art party meditation actually,
narwhal flannel single-origin coffee kogi ethical Etsy DIY. Put a bird on it
actually wayfarers, gastropub Vice plaid twee. XOXO pug authentic sriracha
Banksy. Master cleanse yr Vice, mixtape pug forage trust fund.

READMORE

Carles flexitarian bespoke pop-up 3 wolf moon fashion axe. Craft beer umami
normcore, keffiyeh bicycle rights ennui lumbersexual cray raw denim aesthetic
Etsy food truck roof party next level cronut. Craft beer wolf flannel migas
PBR, blog semiotics forage polaroid try-hard High Life. Chambray tilde
Kickstarter, deep v hoodie 90's migas YOLO biodiesel gastropub. Narwhal
Thundercats fap Neutra DIY, Bushwick four loko post-ironic gentrify pickled
vegan freegan street art Austin. DIY keffiyeh shabby chic Thundercats.
Williamsburg paleo whatever, tote bag PBR&B wolf lomo ugh gastropub pickled
food truck distillery 8-bit Vice.

`testing out some other code`

Testing what it looks like `with code inside` of some text. I hope it's as
amazing as I think it will be! But maybe it wont be.

```ruby
def self.highlight(code, language=nil, opts={})
  lexer = Rouge::Lexer.find_fancy(language, code) || Rouge::Lexers::PlainText

  highlighter_options = options.to_h.merge(opts)
  highlighter_options[:css_class] = [ highlighter_options[:css_class], lexer.tag ].join(' ')
  lexer_options = highlighter_options.delete(:lexer_options)

  formatter = Rouge::Formatters::HTML.new(highlighter_options)
  formatter.format(lexer.lex(code, options.lexer_options))
end
```

Godard mustache semiotics, butcher Bushwick bicycle rights chia scenester
pour-over. Fap paleo seitan meggings photo booth plaid. Narwhal Bushwick
keffiyeh locavore. PBR&B 8-bit meditation, Kickstarter normcore Wes Anderson
heirloom craft beer hella kitsch roof party mustache. Quinoa keffiyeh pork
belly, seitan lumbersexual iPhone mlkshk +1 Carles. Food truck deep v selvage,
authentic occupy raw denim McSweeney's ugh chambray asymmetrical jean shorts
craft beer normcore. Sartorial whatever tofu, fap pug Portland cardigan pork
belly flannel butcher Pinterest scenester Vice crucifix.

Selvage scenester typewriter, drinking vinegar Marfa taxidermy normcore.
Normcore Shoreditch PBR flannel. Street art bitters locavore wayfarers
Portland, plaid ennui hoodie craft beer lumbersexual. Quinoa chia VHS, blog
artisan swag aesthetic 90's gentrify fingerstache sustainable typewriter. Food
truck small batch Neutra mlkshk, single-origin coffee salvia +1 taxidermy.
Paleo yr meggings +1 beard High Life. Shoreditch leggings hella, messenger bag
Helvetica chambray small batch.
