---
title: Journo Ipsum Generator kid
date: 2014-01-15
tags: News Nerds, Ipsum, Testing
pageable: true
---

Bill Keller circulation media diet Demand Media incent +1 location-based
Sulzberger, shoot a photo syndicated should isn't a business model bot go
viral AP, open source discuss Snarkmarket gutter WSJ Dan Fleckner. he said she
said rubber cement Politics & Socks page David Foster Wallace perfect for
starting a campfire crowdfunding Facebook tools David Foster Wallace Politics
& Socks page incent, we will make them pay Google News in the slot information
overload learnings the notional night cops reporter in Des Moines just across
the wire location-based hackgate, community Nook aggregation DocumentCloud RSS
TechCrunch semipermeable Pulse process vs. product.

READMORE

shoot a photo NPR The Weekender attracting young readers nonprofit content
farm community mthomps just across the wire Paul Steiger, Gutenberg
parenthesis dying experiment do what you do best and link to the rest the
other longer Book Review cognitive surplus iPhone app David Foster Wallace
aggregation election-night hologram, WordPress metered model bot awesome
location-based DocumentCloud link economy YouTube. production of innocence
reporting Snarkmarket Like button vast wasteland Colbert bump Snarkmarket The
Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction Dayton for under $900 a day
I saw it on Mediagazer David Cohn, pay curtain Neil Postman The Weekender A.J.
Liebling Zite RSS libel lawyer This Week in Review cops beat, 5% corruption
column-inch awesome Project Thunderdome content is king people formerly known
as the audience cops beat morgue Frontline.

data visualization tweet TechCrunch Frontline The Weekender Tim Carmody the
other longer Book Review shoot a video, gutter 5 praise erasers & how to avoid
them dingbat media diet view from nowhere CNN leaves it there Flipboard
Mozilla, Flipboard Walter Lippmann CNN leaves it there aggregation API
recontextualize. information wants to be free NYT R&D information wants to be
free Alberto Ibarguen totally blowing up on Twitter Google+ should isn't a
business model Google+ vast wasteland backpack journalist hyperlocal filters
Knight News Challenge libel lawyer just across the wire Does my "yes, but"
look big in this corner office? Android, Gutenberg the medium is the message
Andy Carvin Kindle Single Flipboard perfect for starting a campfire Instagram
bringing a tote bag to a knife fight social media optimization RT Tim Carmody
What Would Google Do Gannett AP.

awesome Gardening & War section NPR the notional night cops reporter in Des
Moines blog explainer linking, in the slot Tumblr Bill Keller newsroom cafe
dingbat, incent 5% corruption DocumentCloud Free Darko I saw it on Mediagazer.
Journal Register open source the other longer Book Review open newsroom
Arianna Article Skimmer tablets future of narrative shoot a photo, twitterati
Aron Pilhofer hot news doctrine afternoon paper Innovator's Dilemma
paidContent open source semipermeable, Julian Assange free as in beer tablets
Sulzberger Nook inverted pyramid tweet.

innovation media bias vast wasteland backpack journalist HuffPo analog
thinking put the paper to bed Tumblr tweet experiment The Weekender reporting
gamification, Buttry Android gamification Voice of San Diego Storify if the
news is that important, it'll find me Google+ just across the wire paywall The
Daily. Demand Media Frontline discuss fourth estate bot news.me content is
king we will make them pay David Cohn tweets, tags Frontline CPC Free Darko
aggregation media bias Android hyperhyperlocal libel lawyer, go viral libel
lawyer Pulse Rupert Murdoch Groupon SEO content is king gutter.

bloggers in their mother's basement The Printing Press as an Agent of Change
metered model newspaper strike Mozilla Rupert Murdoch election-night hologram
The Weekender a giant stack of newspapers that you'll never read Walter
Lippmann, every dog loves food newspaper WordPress hyperlocal bringing a tote
bag to a knife fight filters 5% corruption gotta grok it before you rock it
What Would Google Do horse-race coverage, free as in beer David Cohn Quora try
PR Twitter topples dictators The Weekender copyboy 5 praise erasers & how to
avoid them. Tim Carmody dingbat the audience knows more than I do eHow scoop
collaboration Tim Carmody community meme tools digital circulation strategy,
Free Darko a giant stack of newspapers that you'll never read Android CNN
leaves it there Marshall McLuhan Jay Rosen future of narrative production of
innocence try PR, Innovator's Dilemma hot news doctrine plagiarism Gannett
should isn't a business model view from nowhere digital circulation strategy
abundance Mozilla.

algorithms plagiarism cancel my subscription in the slot RT 5 praise erasers &
how to avoid them Romenesko process vs. product Colbert bump, Groupon Kindle
Single blog The Weekender hyperhyperlocal we will make them pay production of
innocence, Jeff Jarvis prostate we need a Nate Silver do what you do best and
link to the rest Sulzberger Project Thunderdome stream Google+. Gutenberg
parenthesis open newsroom social media optimization got drudged CNN leaves it
there experiment he said she said Flipboard information overload Aron Pilhofer
rubber cement, Politics & Socks page Jeff Jarvis prostate put the paper to bed
stupid commenters Gutenberg parenthesis Voice of San Diego the power of the
press belongs to the person who owns one Nook location-based copyboy, 5%
corruption Rupert Murdoch The Weekender Frontline aggregation Google News
paidContent free as in beer Aron Pilhofer.

Patch inverted pyramid Encyclo synergize social media optimization retweet RT
Snarkmarket plagiarism try PR 5 praise erasers & how to avoid them, hyperlocal
synergize bloggers in their mother's basement Reuters a giant stack of
newspapers that you'll never read Josh Marshall crowdsourcing put the paper to
bed Aron Pilhofer Instagram Gardening & War section, Free Darko Snarkmarket
twitterati hot news doctrine but what's the business model Chartbeat analytics
What Would Google Do free as in beer. fourth estate do what you do best and
link to the rest semipermeable Arianna Gannett do what you do best and link to
the rest monetization The Weekender The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical
Reproduction Walter Cronkite died for your sins TBD, Knight Foundation Nick
Denton go viral anonymity gamification AP Jeff Jarvis prostate reporting every
dog loves food.

mathewi I saw it on Mediagazer CPM bringing a tote bag to a knife fight
copyboy put the paper to bed gamification trolls content farm West Seattle
Blog, Paul Steiger the notional night cops reporter in Des Moines writing
Tumblr filters algorithms stream hashtag, Foursquare semipermeable information
overload Ushahidi digital first Lucius Nieman retweet CNN leaves it there.
Walter Lippmann Paul Steiger synergize media diet reality-based copyboy RT
bringing a tote bag to a knife fight afternoon paper try PR just across the
wire Groupon, innovation the medium is the massage Django got drudged
syndicated This Week in Review totally blowing up on Twitter nut graf but
what's the business model.

natural-born blogger social media learnings in the slot 5 praise erasers & how
to avoid them curation I saw it on Mediagazer mathewi Walter Cronkite died for
your sins perfect for starting a campfire layoffs Knight News Challenge RT
hackgate, tabloid abundance Frontline TechCrunch Robin Sloan Django put the
paper to bed Innovator's Dilemma abundance Paul Steiger digital circulation
strategy. CNN leaves it there copyright Foursquare abundance libel lawyer
stupid commenters try PR, hot news doctrine social media optimization
DocumentCloud stupid commenters writing, plagiarism Android reality-based do
what you do best and link to the rest Jeff Jarvis.
